Console app on convert (#2089)
beeware/briefcase: changes/1900.feature.rst

> The "briefcase convert" command now prompts user for "console_app" configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "briefcase convert" command can now be used to configure a console-based applications.
```
